Update README (#161)
UAlbertaALTLab/recording-validation-interface: README.md

To edit the tests for `librecval`, see `tests/`. For Django tests, look
inside the `validation/tests` directory.

### Cypress Tests

There are also Cypress integrations tests that can be run by doing:

```shell
npx cypress open
```
This opens the interactive Cypress testing window. Select `Run integration specs` to run 
all tests.

> **Note:** These tests will run against whichever database is present. Meaning if you're developing
> locally, they will use that database; if you're running on production, they will use that database. **DO NOT** run
> Cypress tests on Production: this will validate some entries due to the nature of the tests.
> 
> Additionally, at least 1 test will always fail: either one of the `register` tests or one of the `login` 

> > tests. This is because a) the username is already taken or b) the user does not exist. This is fine.

Reviewer: Is there a way to:
 1. Have cypress verify that it is *not* running in production
 2. Use a randomly-generated username so that the tests pass normally?

Author: Ideally, I would have Cypress tests running on a test database so I could guarantee which users exist and what permissions they have, but I don't know how to do that and it's not near the top of my list of priorities.

Reviewer: Ok, I understand. My main concern was that the wording suggested the possibility of running against production before saying not to; how about shortening it to the warning:

```suggestion
> **Note: DO NOT** try to run Cypress tests on production: this will validate
> some entries due to the nature of the tests.
```

Author: Perfect, I'll change it so it's clear.
